Hello everyone.
This will be just a quick overview on
the decorators homework.
So decorators homework is actually totally optional,
and you're not gonna be writing any code.
What I want you to do is actually just check out
some web frameworks.
I don't expect you to be using decorators
until much further in your coding career.
So that's why this homework is optional.
The first thing I want you to do
is just check out the web framework Flask.
So Flask is gonna allow you to create web pages in Python.
So if you're interested in becoming more of a
full stack developer, and that's kind of the path
you want to take as far as your Python coding career,
go ahead and check out Flask.
It's a really fun way to make websites.
But what's interesting about it, is that decorators
are heavily integrated into the way the web framework works.
So I want you to check that out,
and then also click this link to learn about
how to use view decorators.
So they actually have a whole page kind of describing
how they use these function decorators,
and how they work in their own application.
Okay, so this is a really nice way to see
how decorators are used in real life.
After that, if you're still really interested
in web pages with Python, what I want you to do
is check out Django, which is a more heavy-duty,
and probably more popular web framework for Python.
So you can check that out as well.
And last but not least,
in this decorators homework notebook,
I have a few definitions for what a framework is
and what an API is, in case you're wondering
what I've been meaning by web framework.
Okay, so again, this homework is optional.
But I do encourage you to a least check out
Flask and Django on view decorators,
just those pages, 'cause it is a super interesting topic
of how you're able to develop web pages with Python.
A lot of interesting and famous web pages
such as Reddit, or Pinterest, have been developed
using Python.
So it's important that you know at least that it's possible.
Okay, so other than that, that's really it
and thank you.
I'll see you at the next lecture.